Add link to diffusers (#18)
Harmonai-org/sample-generator: README.md

Dance Diffusion fine-tune notebook: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Harmonai-org/sample-generator/blob/main/Finetune_Dance_Diffusion.ipynb)

## **🤗 Diffusers library**

Dance Diffusion is now easily accesible with the Hugging Face Hub and the 🧨 Diffusers library.

1. Install diffusers
```
pip install diffusers[torch] accelerate scipy
```

> Now you can generate music files with just 10 lines of code:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Now you can generate music files with just 10 lines of code:
```

Dance Diffusion fine-tune notebook: [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Harmonai-org/sample-generator/blob/main/Finetune_Dance_Diffusion.ipynb)

## **🤗 Diffusers library**

Dance Diffusion is now easily accesible with the Hugging Face Hub and the 🧨 Diffusers library.

> You can generate music with just a couple lines of Python code.

Author: ```suggestion
```

1. Install diffusers
```
pip install diffusers[torch] accelerate scipy
```

Now you can generate music files with just 10 lines of code:

```python
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
from scipy.io.wavfile import write

model_id = "harmonai/maestro-150k"
pipe = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(model_id)
pipe = pipe.to("cuda")

audios = pipe(audio_length_in_s=4.0).audios

# To save locally
for i, audio in enumerate(audios):
    write(f"maestro_test_{i}.wav", pipe.unet.sample_rate, audio.transpose())
    
# To dislay in google colab
import IPython.display as ipd
for audio in audios:
    display(ipd.Audio(audio, rate=pipe.unet.sample_rate))
```

> ### Official checkpoints with examples

Author: ```suggestion
### Checkpoints with examples on the Hub
```

- [maestro-150k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/maestro-150k)
- [jmann-small-190k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/jmann-small-190k)
- [honk-140k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/honk-140k)
- [unlocked-250k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/unlocked-250k)
- [glitch-440k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/glitch-440k)
- [jmann-large-580k](https://huggingface.co/harmonai/jmann-large-580k)

> ### Official demo

Author: ```suggestion
### Demo
```

> 🚀 The official dance diffusion demo is available under [harmonai/dance-diffusion](https://huggingface.co/spaces/harmonai/dance-diffusion)

Author: ```suggestion
🚀 You can try out a demo of dance diffusion under [harmonai/dance-diffusion](https://huggingface.co/spaces/harmonai/dance-diffusion)
```
